alright check it out we got this week's
print update so first up we've got a
bunch here for scales he set me up once
again for a bunch of stickers so he's
got a 300 total 150 beach 4 by 4 and
he's got these two designs here this
guy's probably got the gnarliest
mustache I've ever seen definitely go
check out his Instagram he's always
posting photos and whatnot next up we've
got just over 800 here for Golden nation
simple font design 3 by 4 big stack of
them he ordered 800 so hooked them up
with a bunch of extra just because lots
of bulk and little thank-you there so
Detroit DNB got 100 4 x 6 cut down
pretty straightforward design lots of
black space then we've got to r150 i'm
pretty sure i forgot the numbers of
these know there's 200 alright 200
definitely of the fill your own NH c use
use hit me up and you got these two
designs and really if you have kind of
like a white design like this and you
have a whore by sex there's no sense in
cutting having me cut it down as it
would probably be the same exact sticker
so he got those nice collab here for die
two little characters him and his buddy
there sooo got 200 4 by 4 of this kind
of like block design and then 200 4 x 6
of this character design so these are
nice big and cut down next up we've got
leisure life clothing got this three by
four of this tiger design and it's kind
of hard to tell as it's really small but
it's actually a floral print in the
background you can see the little bits
of gray it looks really cool in full
color but he was only able to get gray
scale this time around call you got
these four designs so little variations
there three by fours for all of them and
some gray scales there let you look at
all of them individually jug got a 103
by four of his character design pretty
straightforward black and white he sent
the drawing over actually second got
some more four by four special these
actually were able to be printed a
little bit bigger and just some text in
there as some two cups right there this
artist came through with his first name
so i won't give that to you
he'll be linked after sekou and before
sink so if he comes up with a link for
me to send you guys he got 103 by four
of a little um what's his name I forget
his name oh well all right sink got a
hundred four by four special of this
design he wanted to get it cut down
right to the edge and i assume he's
going to cut that one right there as a
contour cut cannot be done with thermals
unfortunately but next up we've got 104
f 44 Foom he got too little bboy throw
up designs on his uh just text fought on
his design next up we have low he got
104 by fork the loss of his character
nice drawing sent in everything's fine
got a hundred of three different designs
three by four in all of these so he's
got the Obama with a gas mask I'm not
familiar with this politician and then
George Bush with a gas mask next up we
have Nayar I'm pretty sure naer print
correct me if I'm wrong I apologize but
he got 200 through by for one of each
design so hundred and you can see
they're cut right there all nice and
then lastly he came through with his
first name as well but he's gotten stuff
for me before he liked his stuff so what
kind of give you a close-up dog with
some sunglasses just a little hug if I'm
right pitbull or I don't know I'm not
very good with dogs but then we got some
teenage mutant ninja turtles right there
so yeah this is a little update for you
guys if you are interested in getting
any custom prints I'm actually running a
super sale right now on four by six
prints 200 for 10 bucks that's pretty
much the same price as 3 by 4 but double
the size if you want to check that out
and help me out make more of these
videos if you do support me that way
these have all actually been sent out
probably about last week by the time
you're seeing this video but if you have
any questions about custom prints leave
them in the comments section and if you
want to get some your own and be
featured in a video hit me up on my big
cartel it'll be linked in the
description first off so you can check
out how to place an order and exactly
what you need to do to be featured in a
video and get some rad stickers
it's going to do it for me peace